Card Game Project
----------------------------------

REQUIREMENTS
----------------------------------
At least openjdk 21.0.3  
To check, open command prompt or terminal and enter java --version. If it says 
openjdk 21.0.3 or newer
OpenJDK Runtime Environment OpenLogic-OpenJDK

then the requirements are met.

How to Execute Jar File
----------------------------------
1) Open command prompt or terminal
2) Navigate to the root folder containing both logs folder and the jar file
3) Check that there is a folder called "logs" with 5 pack files inside the folder with the jar file
3) Type the command into terminal 
				java -jar cards.jar
4) Enter total number of players and pack file
5) If exceptions occur with currentHand then try running the jar file again

Logs File
----------------------------------
The purpose of including a log folder with the jar file is because a jar file is a compressed archive format that contains compiled Java files.
This means that it cannot read and write to text files within it, hence an external logs folder is provided for the jar file to output to and read pack files.

What it contains:
	Pack Files (one, two, three, four, five)
	Test Pack Files (Test1, Test2, Test3, Test4)
	Player Output Files - Generated by program
	Deck Output Files - Generated by program

Usage: 
	Pack Files are entered when the program asks for a pack location (These are valid packs)
	Test Pack Files are also entered when the program asks, however they only work if there is 1 player playing the game as it works of the basis that 8 valid cards are provided
		Test1 - Less cards than needed for valid pack
		Test2 -	Contains a negative integer 
		Test3 - Contains more cards than needed for valid pack
		Test4 -	Empty pack, invalid pack
	These are all invalid packs, for 1 player. For valid, use one.txt

The Pack Files are required to run the program as it doesn't create new packs for every run. The program converts the contents in the file to a list of Cards to be used. 


How to Execute Tests
----------------------------------
1) Unzip cardsTest.zip

To run the the tests, 2 methods will be provided in case one of them doesn't work or has any tests fail.

Method 1
1) Open command prompt or chosen terminal
2) Navigate to extracted cardsTest.zip folder and then further navigate within out\test\Testing
3) Type in:
           java -cp ".;../../../lib/junit-4.13.2.jar;../../../lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar;../../production/Testing;../../../logs" org.junit.runner.JUnitCore TestAll
	for windows powershell, if it does not work then swap the semi-colons (;) with colons (:)

4) If the command does not work then try method 2

From testing this command in windows powershell, it doesn't identify one.txt in the logs folder.
If this happens to you, please use method 2 and verify the results.

Method 2
2) Open preferred IDE (Suggested IDE VS Code or IntelliJ) 
3) Use Open Project or Open Folder to open the extracted cardsTest.zip folder
4) Check that it now contains all files and folders from the extract cardsTest.zip folder
5) If it does, open TestAll.java, which is in the test folder
6) Either right click on the TestAll.java file within the project structure and select Run or search for a Run button (check that it is going to run TestAll.java)
7) A notification should appear showing how many tests (out of 34) have passed.
8) If any tests fail, re-run TestAll.java to check that the output is correct.
